Let's move on to section 3,
talking about Spark views.
In the previous section,
you learned about how to create streaming DataFrames using Kafka as a source.
In this part, we explore creating a view.
We learn how to query the view using SQL syntax.
Last we learned to sink a stream to Kafka. Part one.
Let's work on creating a view.
In a Spark application a Spark view is a session bound
representation of data in a certain configuration.
For example, you might wanna view of discounted inventory.
Creating a view is like using a colored filter that changes certain things in a picture.
Using Spark, you can create temporary views of data
which emphasize or reveal certain attributes.
For example, if you wanted to extract a year from a field that contains a month,
day, and year, you could save that as a view.
The purpose of temporary views is to save a certain configuration of
a Dataframe for later reference within the same spark application.
The view won't be available to other Spark applications.
In this example, we started with several fields available from our source.
We had an urgent need for some combination of these fields.
We then create a subset interview for later querying.
In this snippet, we are working with a DataFrame
previously instantiated called fuel Level StreamingDF.
Using the create or replace temp view function call,
we create a temporary view fuel level.
Notice the view has a name which is the way we will clutter query the view.
Any filtering we want applied to the DataFrame can be done before this point.
The DataFrame will be represented by the temporary view.
You just learned about creating a view in Spark.
Next, you will learn how to query a Spark view.
In this snippet, we are working with a DataFrame
previously instantiated called fuel Level StreamingDF.
Using the create or replace temp view function call,
we create a temporary view fuel level.
Notice the view name is the way we access in query the view.
This is different from the way we act on DataFrames.
We query the view using a select statement,
which includes the name of the view.
The Spark dot SQL call results in another DataFrame called fuel Level Select StarDF.
This DataFrame holds the results of the query.
Fuse give you a lot of flexibility in querying your streaming data.
SQL syntaxes familiar to many people.
Spark has SQL functions for data manipulation.
You can use the usual field aliasing.
There are many other features of SQL included in the query syntax.
You've just learned how to query a spark view using SQL syntax.
Next, you will learn to select and then send some data to Kafka.
After querying your view,
you have something to offer to other systems.
Let's learn how to share that data via a Kafka topic.
First select the fields using Spark dot SQL.
Next uses select expression on the resulting DataFrame to cast the fields.
Be sure to pass the Kafka bootstrap servers parameter.
Last, sync the DataFrame to your new Kafka topic using the right stream.
Now any Kafka consumer can access your data
by subscribing to the topic called field-changes.
Here are some key points to remember,
Kafka topics have two fields, key and value.
Cast binary data from Kafka using the dot select Expr function on the DataFrame.
Read from Kafka using the readStream field on the Spark session.
Write to Kafka using the writeStream field on the DataFrame.
Now let's create and query,
a Spark view and sync to Kafka.